feat(Layout): release Layout component (#2628)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/components/layout/FlexItem/properties.mdx

| `className` | `string`                    | _(optional)_ Outer DOM element class name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `grow`      | `boolean`                   | _(optional)_ True to expand in width/height when there is more space available.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `shrink`    | `boolean`                   | _(optional)_ True to shrink in width/height when there is not enough space available for all components within the container.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `size`      | `object` or `number`        | _(optional)_ To set the size in percentage based on 12 columns. 6 results in 50%, while 12 results in 100% in size. You can also provide [Media Query](/uilib/usage/layout/media-queries/) types in an object. Wrap your FlexItem's inside a [Layout.FlexItem](/uilib/components/layout/FlexCotainer) and make sure your container has `flex-wrap: wrap`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `size`      | `object` or `number`        | _(optional)_ To set the size in percentage based on 12 columns. 6 results in 50%, while 12 results in 100% in size. You can also provide [Media Query](/uilib/usage/layout/media-queries/) types in an object. Wrap your FlexItem's inside a [Layout.FlexContainer](/uilib/components/layout/FlexContainer) and make sure your container has `flex-wrap: wrap`. |
```
